# Tommy-HW-1-Backup

On April 2nd, which is Tueday, we went to HangzhouEast Station on seven o'clock by ourselves. We sat on the chairand waited for the train come. When the train come, teachers took us to the ticket station and let the worker checked our tickets and we went down stain to tound our car. We got on our car and found evryone's seat, then sat down stared our server hours train travel. We got an our train about seven fourty. In the car, every students are playing there phone, except Harry and some of the teachers. After one hour, I heared Kelly was crying then I knew when she were in bathroom a man spenned he bathroom's door, so now Kelly keep crying and saying "He saw, he saw" Because she cried for a lone time, teachers called the conductor. The conductor asked Kelly did she lock the door, Kelley said she must have locked it. Then the conductor also talked to the man that open the bathroom door about something. I don't what he asked, soon, the conducter left. Because Kelly was still crying, she sat in the middle of Miss.sherry and Miss.Richeal. After shoat three hours an the train, teachers said we can't play our phones. Then we were bored Jesica, Linda , and I sat together, we played card games for about half an hour. Then I remenber that Mr.Nick said Linda and I need to read book, so I started watch book . But on the train, I can't focus, so after I read one page, I quit. I tned to sleep, but I couldn't, I didn't knew why I couldn't sleep. I waved shout one hour far doing nothing. At eleven thirty. I was hurgry, I waited for a lone time for get my food, I spend fifly RMB on food. The train's food tasted bad. We ate lanch at dining car. We finbhad my find I went back to our car and it was about one o'clock. I thougt I can play my phone on hat time, so I started playing my phone until we reached Y.Chang. When we left the Yi Chang station the guides took us to a bus. We sat on the bus and went to the hotel. It took us one hour, I was sleep during the one hour. Te guides was keep talk with micrphone durky that one hour, I theoght he was filt about the Three Gorges Dam used Enginlish. His English is prety good. In the hotel, students gave teachers thire ID cards or passport to get the room card. Every room had two people to sleep with, but we have odd mamber of people, that mamber that there will be one person sleep by himself.Finally the teachers dicide Mrs. Alex sleep with me for first night and Mrs.Diago sleep with me for the second night. We had twenty minutes test in our room and them we went to the dinning room having lunch. There were two table, for us and when we had dinner, we dinided into two group. There was a lot of food, I can't tell the foods names, we finished our dinner and we went back to our room took pen and paperand went to hall. In that hall, and odl perfaser used Engliash to teach things about three Gouges Dam. That perfeser had been working in the Three Gouges Dam for a lot of years. His Enginlish spaking skill was not very good, he use a long tim to talk and we couldn't understond clearly At the beginning, the perfeser asked us what is the lnggest river in the world. Mrs.Pat answer the question correct, she got a small notebook. The perfeser also asked what is the second longgest river in the world. I answered his question and et correct. A woman also gave me a notebook. Because he speak too slow, his time finshed but he didn't finish. Miss.Richeal let him stop and let Miss.Patt started her teaching. Miss.Patt didied students and teachers into two group. One is Group one, another is Group two. We have a race, which group first put all the pictures, qusetion and historgh information , which group will win. he cards are all about the history of the Three Gouges Dam. Finally, Group one won the game, did Miss.Pat told us each history of the Three Gouges Dam. Then we went back our rooms at about seven thiry p.m slept tos nec twor hour and in eight thirty p.m. teacher to untited student phone, and let up sleep, Mr.Diago slept with me, he played his computer for about one hours and then slept. I finshed washing my face and teeth, change clothes and drink medicine I also slept. The secend day in Yi Chang, I wroke up at 7 a.m. and wait for morning call. At 7:30 a.m. the telephone is ringing. I answerd the call and the waiter said this is the morning call. Then I handed out the telephone, changed my cloth, washed my face, and teeth, went out my room, Mrs. Alex already stand thene and wait for students. I went to the restaurant with him n first floor. The breakfast was not bad, but I didn't eat very much.because I was not very hungry. We had that old prefeser's lecture again about the Three Gouges Dam at 8 a.m.. We he finished his lectwe, teachers put students into groups and let students work together make the model of Three Gorges Dam. When all the group finish puzzle the model, we take bus to the Three Gourges Dam museum. There are a lot of Three Gourges Dam models that museum but tot museum is not big. Also, there are two big models of sturgeon. One is China Sturgeon, another is Whilte Sturgeon. China Sturgeon can still find in Yang Zi River but Whilt Sturgeon can find anymore. We also saw the model of genemtion knew how it works. When we finish learning the things about the models, we went back to the hotel, some student and teacher went back to hotel by walk, I am one of them, but some student and teacher are lazy, they went back to hotel by bus, In the hotel's restarant, we had lunch. The lunch tested good. Then we took bus to see the Three Gorger Dam. Because I was very sleepy on that three days, I can't remenber very clearly what did we do, also, that's very corupler. The only things I can remenber is that we stayed there far four hours and we were keep walking for a long time, a lot of students soid they are tired, includ myself. We took bus and went back to hotel at about 4:30 p.m. and we got one hour for free time. One thing that very funny was that beck's phone did't have enough charge. He ran around arounnd everybody's rooms and scream "Who has charger??" After about twenty minutes, he become quiet, becaues Harry gave him his chager. If teachers were here, I think Beck will get in trouble. At 5:30 p.m. we ate dinner, students and teacher had a lot of fun during the dinner, After dinner, we had Mr.Alex and Mr.Diago's class about the electrieity of the Three Gorges Dam. They let us guss how many phones can charge in same time in Three Gorges Dam. At the final, we get the answer used eath and erery one's guess were wrong. Then we got one hour breaktime. At 8:45 p.m. Mr.Alex callected students' phones. I had a bath and soon I slept. When I was asleep, I didn't even know when Mr.Alex came into my room and slept.

The third day, I wroke up at 7 a.m. then I got morning call at 7:30 we finished our breakfast at 8a.m. Then we took bus to a temple, The only thing I can remember clearly was here was a tree, were planted by a famous person who lived in Three kindom's time. We stayed therr for about one hour. We backed to our hotel and had a science lessan with Miss.Richeal. Every students will became a roup, they will got a paper and take to after students what the paper talks about, we finished our science class. We ate lunch at 10:30 a.m., soon, we took bus to the Yi Chang Station, We arried there at 1:30 p.m. We got into train at 1:40 p.m. , and we arrived Hangzhou Ease station at 8:15 p.m. Pt that 6 hours and 25 minutes on the rain. I used most of the time to sleep. I remeber I played card game with Harry, Jesica, El, and Miss Pat for half an hour and played my phone for only one hour. When we arrived the HangZhou East Station, we seperated, some students went home with their parents, some studens took subway went home. I man one of them.