She is tall and thin. with long straight white hair and black eyes she's face is just like human. two eyes, one nose and a mouth.

she know about earth from her moher when she was young her mother always told her a story about earth before she got to bed when her mother still alive.

one day a terrible disease started moving around their planet a loe of aliens and human were dead there are some expensive medicines could solve that disease but they are not aliens family so they coundn't but from aliens hospital they need to use more money to by the medicines from not safety and more expensive way

their faher is a teacher of small aliens so he didn't have a lot of money and their mon didn't have work because she is a human woman teir money was just enough for two people's dissease all four people was ill just two could continus alive so their father and mother had a badly decide they give Kai and her brother the tablets and let them eat it hadn't talk to them about they will died soon and left with no money just a house all this worse things happend in the week after kai's fifth birthday at the firstfew month they

Ceil is a hybrid half human half Trix. Her dad is the human part of her and for as long as she can remember he world tell her stories that had been passed about for generathans about ftin place called earth. from what she could remmber about the stories, H seemed lilse a safe pace. Because she is a hybrid of human and Trix. So, aest looks mostly human. ther marn is the alien part of her. so that's why she has sliver eyes and sliver hair. ceils moen was a speedster, thereface ceil is too ceil hot a man, a dad, and an older sister, but when she was 6 years old her parsnets dted trying to protect her and her sister from a war happening between the lookls and outsiders. That meant ceils okler sister was left to try t take more of her. For the next year ceils sister did her best to take care of the two of them. But unfortunately she died fighting the conla prison grinds. People who are hybrids of humans and aliens are more powerful than nonmal corva people but they are also illegal and are huhed and put in the corva prison. Once ceils siter died, 5 year old ceil spent the restof that your running away from the corva prison grards, trying to find fsxd to eat andplaces to sleep. It had been a year slace Ceils parents died. She was 6 yaers old now but it was getting much harder to take care of herself. One day col wants being morful-and a corva prison guacd cavght her and brwght her back to the prison. Ceil had been in perison a week, when she met Isaac.

Issak has inteligence, he just has it different..

when it comes to ackedmics and other peoples opinions her clve-less, but whn it comes to puzzles and problem solving and emotinal incoraging speaches he's practivly a master at it exepet for the time when he was too over whelmed to find a way to go save kai...


issak is a strong spirited yong man who dreams for a life of freedom, but he's also a bit of an idiot. Before he was taken into prison, his mother the human part of him wed to tell him storys about earth that has been pased down her blood line for many generations his father the alien part of him tought him what ever he could about his telepethy Issak and morro met throvgh their parents because the parents had known eachother for years.

could live with te things that their parents left a their harse, but half year latter all the expaceive things were all saled they did't have money to buy food Both of them are not enough strong and big for a work. The only thing they could do is saled their house, but that money only let them lived for one year. When all the money had gone, ther life could or couldn't continue is jut deperded on lucky. If some kind people gave them some food or money. they could had a meal, but some unlucky day they will hungry for a day. One day, they had already been no food for two days, at the end of the day,Kai found that she could move thins far away with thinking in mind. She use this power to steal some bread from a food store. This ave Kai and her brother a big trouble., some alien polivman were just cross he street, and saw the bread flew from food shop to Kai's hands. Then they took her back to ask some questions and they find she was half human and half alien. when they knew about this, they put her in to the rison, nad she never saw her brother again, but the alien police said her brother dead in the way to prison, becaues he was to noksy and not follow them. She was very sad about all her life, and when she met others in the court yar,she made friends with them, and saw some thing bright like a sun in her black life.